Todo.md, before:

# Todo

- Allow users to opt into auto node.js features like sass
  - [ ] If they opt in and then hit build or serve it should auto setup package.json and install the correct packages
- [ ] Rewrite next and previous links to be of pages of the same hierarchical level
- [ ] Add custom errors
- [ ] Page to component linking for page rebuild on component change.
- Refactoring
  - [ ] Page discovery
  - [ ] Parsing and storing page data
  - [ ] Generating pages
  - Live Server
    - [ ] Static Watcher
    - [ ] Pages/Content Watcher
    - [ ] Components Watcher
    - [ ] Layouts Watcher
    - [x] Customize parameters
      - port
      - entry
      - auto open browser
  - Config
    - [ ] Parsing variables
    - [ ] Validating variables
- [ ] Support for bootstrap??
- [ ] Support for read time??
- [x] Add custom logging
- [x] Integrate tailwindcss
- [x] Add file watching for components and layouts
- [x] Startup sass command with `server`


Inspirational Sources:
- [mkDocs Material Theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) ([github](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material))
- [mkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) ([github](https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs))
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)

Commit message:

Add integrations, Add log styling for url xterm and rgb, Better setup for serve and build

Todo.md, after:

# Todo

- [ ] custom integration classes that handle all logic for installing and managing integrations
- [ ] if no metadata title parse and inject title from file name
- [ ] Rewrite next and previous links to be of pages of the same hierarchical level
- [ ] Add custom errors
- [ ] Tool for install tailwindcss addon
- [ ] Tool for selecting presets
- [ ] Page to component linking for page rebuild on component change.
- Refactoring
  - [ ] Page discovery
  - [ ] Parsing and storing page data
  - [ ] Generating pages
  - Live Server
    - [ ] Static Watcher
    - [ ] Pages/Content Watcher
    - [ ] Components Watcher
    - [ ] Layouts Watcher
    - [x] Customize parameters
      - port
      - entry
      - auto open browser
  - Config
    - [ ] Parsing variables
    - [ ] Validating variables
- [ ] Support for bootstrap??
- [ ] Support for read time??
- [x] Add custom logging
- [x] Integrate tailwindcss
- [x] Add file watching for components and layouts
- [x] Startup sass command with `server`


Inspirational Sources:
- [mkDocs Material Theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) ([github](https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material))
- [mkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) ([github](https://github.com/mkdocs/mkdocs))
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
